{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27360\viewh15700\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #Intro\
\pard\tx8536\pardeftab560\ri472\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You are now summoned in to virtual reality. Please, take a look around you, but remember that your surroundings are different than you see in the real world.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Okay then! These were just formalities so next continuing to more interesting matters.\
I am most pleased to welcome you to the Jarry\'92s Leisure Research.\
In this research we are trying to investigate the that your relatedness to Jarry it self.\
All the tests are safe and designed so that you feel secure in them at all times.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Now please calm down, forget all everyday stressing businesses, breathe in and let\'92s continue in to the research tasks.\
\
#GazeIntro\
We are now calibrating the eye tracking so please follow the point in front of you with your eyes.\
\
#GazeOutro\
Great! You did it! Eye tracking has been successfully calibrated. Let\'92s start the trialing.\
\
#InkIntro\
We\'92ll place pictures in front of you and look and them freely some time.\
\
#InkOutro\
Thanks for watching the pictures. Now we understand more about you.\
\
#GorillaIntro\
In the following test please count how many times the bee touches the flowers.\
\
#GorillaInbetween\
Please insert the amount of times the bee touched the flowers with the two buttons.\
\
#GorillaCorrect\
Thats correct! You made a perfect calculation. Your skill of counting is strong as a bear!\
\
#GorillaWrong\
Sorry this is not the correct amount.\
\
#End\
We are all done here! All the tests are done and now is time to see the end results.\
Enjoy the marvellous results. When you are done please remove the headset carefully.}